Love you so much pey
Thank you for being so vulnerable Peyton. You are truly such an inspiration to me, and I applaud how strong of a woman you are. I love you so much. I know your father is looking down and smiling at the life you have been creating for yourself.
Beautifully shared! I am sure your message will make a difference.
Beautifully said and so needed.
love you sweet girl
So true.
Very well stated as words from the heart often are. I’m certain this will plant seeds in people’s heart and hopefully save a life.
I am so proud of you. You are an amazing woman
Man such true words. Thank you for sharing your heart! Thinking of you today
Your words are truly inspiring as are you.
You are an amazing young lady. These are true, strong, loving, and powerful words. I am sure these words will make a difference in someones life today. I would love to share this if you don't mind.
Love you endlessly. Sharing this story only helps normalize the conversation around alcoholism and mental health. I am proud of you every single day
Thank you
Well said girl!! And so true. Love you so much
Very well said, and such an important point. Also can’t read this post without thinking of this resource for those struggling with a loved one’s alcoholism:
Such strong, beautiful, heartfelt words. I pray your story helps at least one person. As a child of an alcoholic who also passed to young, I know your pain.
Hugs
Love you so much thank you for sharing your story and his.
This was so powerful. Love you so much sweet friend.
Beautifully said, Peyton.
I am so proud of you! You are an amazing person who has strength and perseverance. May you be blessed with your new career in law.
Forever in awe of the way you can put into words what others only dream of being able to say.
So well written! Thank you for sharing, Peyton!
This is so powerful, and I’m so proud of you. It is extremely important to acknowledge how common this is in so many peoples lives, and to normalize talking about topics that might be difficult or uncomfortable. Alcoholism and addiction are only one facet of a person, and not something which defines them entirely. Many who struggle with addiction and mental illness are loving, caring, fun, enjoyable, GOOD people who are loved and cherished by their family and friends. They are respected members of our community, people we admire and look up to. The stigma which surrounds addiction leads to shame and embarrassment, and you may never know that someone close to you is struggling. We can change this narrative by opening up the conversation about addiction, and offering support and love to those struggling in the same way we would treat any other illness. Dad loved you very much, and I know he is beyond proud of the person you’ve become. Keep shining and being his rockstar like you always have been
I hope everyone takes the time to read this post. It is so important, and you have said this so well.
I love you.
Very well written Peyton. Sending love
Well written & well said. Luv U gal & we are extremely proud of you & your accomplishments.
Bless your heart, Peyton. This must be so difficult but you have been so brave to share your story. I’m sure you have reached many who needed to hear this message. God’s blessings always!
So well said! Love you, girl!
You continue to lead and inspire with you wisdom. You are an amazing influence to all around you and blessed enough just to know you. Sending you love and hugs.
Sending you so much love
Powerful, courageous and real. Don’t ever stop.
Well said Peyton! Big hugs sweet girl!
this is very powerful! Thanks for sharing
Sending you all the love and hugs!
Sending you a big hug. My life was forever changed by my father’s alcoholism and mental illness. I know exactly how you feel and wish that both of our dads could have gotten the help they needed. Your dad absolutely loved and adored you and Piper. You could see and feel it every time we were around y’all. 
Thank you for being brave enough to share this. Much love to you and your family.
Thank you for sharing! You and your sister nailed it. Rest In Peace to you dad.
Good words. Love you thank you for sharing and I’m so sorry for your loss
Powerful
the world is lucky to have you, Peyton!
So well said. Thank you for sharing and being vulnerable. Sending you love
Facts. Great post.
This is everything, well said. I love this. My dad too suffered with alcoholism. He passed last summer and I know deep in my heart it was the alcohol that took his life not the cancer.